Part 2 and Optional Lab Updates (#194)
codygreen/lab-framework-demo: src/app/docs/nginx-one-3.mdx

        name="Lab Framework"
    />

1. Execute the *docker run* command outlined in Step 6 to start the NGINX Plus with Agent container. For the shell
command below, take the following actions:

    - Substitute **data-plane-key** with the Data Plane Key you created above.
    - Confirm **NGINX_AGENT_INSTANCE_GROUP** is set using the name of the Config Sync Group you just created above.

    > **Note:** Notice the extra argument where we are mapping the container's port **80** to the host's port **8080**.

    ```shell
    sudo docker run \
    --env=NMS_SERVER_GRPCPORT=443 \
    --env=NMS_SERVER_HOST=agent.connect.nginx.com \
    --env=NGINX_AGENT_INSTANCE_GROUP={{petname}}-manual \
    --env=NMS_TLS_ENABLE=true \
    --restart=always \
    --runtime=runc \
    -p 8080:80 \
    --env=NMS_SERVER_TOKEN="data-plane-key" \
    -d private-registry.nginx.com/nginx-plus/agent:debian
    ```

> 1. In the N1SC console, navigate to *Instances*. You will see that a new NGINX Plus instance added to the NGINX One Console. This instance will be randomly named based on the Docker container that was created, since a name was not provided.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the N1SC console, navigate to *Instances*. You will see a new NGINX Plus instance added to the NGINX One Console. This instance will be randomly named based on the Docker container that was created, since a name was not provided.
```

targetStatusCode={200}
/>

## Review

> Great job! You sucessfully added NGINX Instances to your N1SC by following instructions given from the console itself!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Great job! You successfully added NGINX Instances to NGINX One Console by following instructions given from the console itself!
```
